What is HTTP?
-> Hypertext Transfer Protocol, one of the protocols that are used to dictate
when a client is able to get data to/from a server. 

What is a URL?
-> Uniform Resource Locator, it is the full address for some internet resource.

What is DNS?
-> Domain Network Service, converts human-readable URLs and converts them into IP addresses.

What is a query string?
-> The parameters that are used to specified data, like a search, sort, and etc.
They start with .../?key1=value1&key2=value2...

What are two HTTP verbs and how are they different?
-> GET and POST: gets data from the server like an image, while the other sends data
to the server that will be modified. 

What is an HTTP request?
-> A HTTP request is a request that a client sends to the server that follows a 
HTTP protocol. Requesting an image, an article, or a HTML, and etc. 

What is an HTTP response?
-> A HTTP response is a response from a server that follows a HTTP protocol asking
the server to send back an image, html, js, css, and etc. 

What is an HTTP header? Give a couple examples of request and 
response headers you have seen.
-> Headers give more information about a response/request.
Request examples: FROM, host, referer, referrer-policy, user-agent.
Response examples: Allow, server, content-type 

What are the processes that happen when you type 
“http://somesite.com/some/page.html” into a browser?

-> 1) Determines the protocol, which is http. 
2) Converts the domain name somesite.com into an IP address using DNS. 
3) Determines the port, which is default: 80.
4) Your browser will make a request looking for the resource 'some/page.html' 
along with any headers information about the site language, content-level, etc. 
5) The server will send back a http response with a status code 200 upon success
that contains the HTML.
6) The browser will make a DOM from that HTML and convert it into a page while
using other resources: images, javascript, and css to make that page. 
7) The browser will make individual HTTP requests for those resources 
images, javascript, and css, and receives a server response for each request.  

